[Music]
the ultimate death game has just gotten
more dangerous
the government has sent you to die on an
island filled with vicious terrorists
who have turned it into the perfect kill
zone they can gun you down from any
direction
blow you up with hidden traps around
every corner and your mission is to kill
their leader
what do you do how do we beat someone
who's already beaten their game once
before
i'm going to break down the mistakes
made what you should do and how to beat
the government manhunt in battle royale
requiem this might seem like a normal
class of middle schoolers but they're
actually the worst students in all of
japan
they're all delinquents and losers who
have no idea that they've been selected
for this year's battle royale with a
crazy new twist
the students are tricked into going on a
field trip and they're all having a good
time but they all fall asleep and wake
up later that night in a strange place
they're brought to a military base and
thrown into a cage surrounded by
soldiers
okay we all know where this is going an
entire class abducted by the government
and waking up with a collar around your
neck is a pretty clear indication that
we've been chosen to fight to the death
escape is futile and panicking is a
waste of time so the earlier we build a
strategy the better chances we have to
survive
now there's a wealth of information
inside of this cage that we can use to
get an early advantage and for me that
starts with my classmates
i'm immediately evaluating who among us
would be the easiest to kill
the way this blonde reacts already tells
me that she's not taking this seriously
enough and that means she won't be
prepared to defend herself
when the death game starts that makes
her an easy kill my next target
is this guy he's whining about how his
explosive collar is uncomfortable around
his neck
which is really short-sighted his
glasses are also a weakness here
if i knock them off he will have a
harder time defending himself making for
an easy kill
identifying our first target gives us a
head start because it takes more players
out of the game quickly and you'll be
able to steal weapons and resources from
the survivor kits they'll get
before they become too hard to find
their teacher reveals that a terrorist
group known as the wild seven have taken
control of an island and are using it as
a fortress
these kids are now part of a new and
improved death match where their goal is
to work together as a team to take down
the terrorist leader in
72 hours or they all die and that
terrorist is none other than shuya the
winner and fugitive of the battle royale
from the first movie
now this just got way more interesting
we have to fight and kill someone that
already beat the death game and has been
successfully evading the government for
three years so now that we're working as
a team i'm completely changing
strategies and thinking about how every
person in this room can keep me alive
those guys that i wanted to kill are now
my best [ __ ] friends
i'm using friendship and teamwork as a
human shield for as long as i can
the teacher tells them they can either
join willingly or stay behind to face
the consequences
each of the students choose to enter the
death game but one kid refuses
he gets shot in the leg and executed
leaving them all shocked but
suddenly this girl starts beeping and
the teacher reveals that the student's
colors have been paired
she runs for the gate as her caller
explodes and kills her
okay every student has been paired with
another and if they die
you die thankfully we're finding this
out beforehand but now i'm seriously
concerned about who i've been paired
with
these are middle schoolers who have
virtually no life experiences
and there are a lot of weak links in the
room if your partner is useless in a
life-threatening situation they can
easily get you killed so we need to
counter this problem by creating our own
additional pairing system based on each
student's survival skills
soldiers also use a strategy in military
operations by dividing themselves into
squads that are both
large and varied enough in their skill
sets to provide safety to the entire
unit
i would split the whole class into two
teams of 20 students
this will help to compensate for all the
weaker kids who are going to get us
killed
the game is broken down into three
missions and the first is to land on the
island successfully the kids get weapons
and armor and are sent out on boats
they're given the terrorist location but
the island has been divided into danger
zones that change every hour
if they stay in one for too long their
collars explode
they begin to make their approach and
that's when things go ballistic
the students are attacked by the
terrorists and with each death another
partner dies with
them the class hasn't even reached the
island yet and 12 of them have already
died
this is incredibly stupid and nobody can
do stupid as well as the government
attacking an enemy who has the high
ground and machine gun nest to defend
the entire beach
is a recipe for failure nothing about
this operation is designed to keep me
alive and we don't even have any ammo
yet
at this point i'm abandoning any
government approved strategy from now on
now because of these paired callers the
first thing i'm doing is making sure
each boat has their partners
inside if we get too far away from each
other and you're partners in the other
boat you're going to die because of the
50 meter distance limit on these collars
it sounds obvious but if nobody says it
it's an easy mistake to make here
but even with our partners in the same
boat we're still easy target practice
for these terrorists right now and this
needs fixing
since bolts will actually break up an
impact with the water i'm jumping out of
the boat and swimming around the side of
the island towards the rocks to stay out
of the line of fire
once we've regrouped we can flank the
terrorists from multiple sides
resulting in less casualties the kids
thrown the beach like a scene out of
saving private ryan
bullets are flying everywhere but they
managed to find cover the students split
up into two groups to divide the
terrorist attack with squad a running
across the beach
and squad b circling around the rocks
overhead a helicopter flies in
and releases supplies their second
operational mission is to secure the
ammo they reach the boxes near a
building where they discover
all kinds of useful things this girl
finds an underbarrel grenade launcher
this guy
gets ammo for their guns and this kid
gets toilet paper talk about your crappy
luck
they make a run for better cover but one
of them gets wounded the kids try their
best to treat his injuries but toilet
paper can't fix everything
his collar starts beeping and they
realize his partner is in a danger zone
but instead of running to the group
she goes off and gets herself blown up
okay these collars are no joke and this
war zone is killing people and pairs way
too quickly so we need to figure out how
to disrupt them before our dumbest
partners get us killed
the 50 meter range is going to limit our
movement around the island and if you
have to drag your partner everywhere it
makes it really hard to run for cover
and avoid getting shot
now thanks to this girl who died in the
cage we know the colors beat for two
minutes before exploding
we can also see from her wound that the
blast radius is relatively small so that
gives me some hope that we could block
the blast if we had a strong enough
material and the strongest items
available are these watches
the backs are made of stainless steel so
if i place one behind the collar and
wrap it with cloth or socks to protect
my neck it just might be enough to
dampen the impact to survive the blast
if this actually works i would have
everyone spread out to set them off so
we can rid ourselves of these collars
permanently with his partner dead this
kid runs out of the building
and tells the group to continue on
without him he decides to go out
fighting the terrorists but is shot by
an enemy sniper
one of the squads make their way into a
rune building as they hear the teacher
list all the names of everyone who's
died
this has gone to a whole new level and
they have even less chances of survival
if they don't figure this out
that's when this girl here reveals she's
diabetic and she'll run out of insulin
if they don't finish the job quickly
okay this girl has a weakness and even
though we are working as a team
we could use this to exploit her for the
greater good there are a lot of
dangerous tasks
that we will need to do in order to
survive this death game such as scouting
the enemy's position
and checking for booby traps and nobody
will want to take on that personal risk
some people are gonna need an extra push
to make them do anything and we need to
work together if we want the best chance
to kill the terrorists if we take away
her insulin and use it as leverage
we can force her to perform all the
dangerous tasks for us it's cruel but
allows for things to get done quickly
there's no democracy in a death game and
sometimes drastic measures need to be
taken to ensure everyone's survival
suddenly an explosion goes off outside
and the other squad goes to investigate
they look up to find a student hanging
from a pole and his legs are missing
they realize he triggered one of the
trip mines that fill this area and
they're right in the middle of a
minefield
then this girl's collar starts beeping
and the students freak out they all
argue whether to help her or not and
come dangerously close to blowing
themselves up
okay this girl's color was triggered
because her partner has just died and
unless they find a way to lock the blast
she's got no chance of surviving but
having a big fight about it in the
middle of a minefield is going to get
everyone killed
the smartest thing to do is shoot her in
the head because otherwise she will run
around in a panic
and set off the tripwires there's also
more merciful death than having your
neck torn to pieces
i'd rather be shot by my friend than
executed by the government
now that she's dealt with we need to
make it out of this minefield without
tripping any more of them to do this i
tie my rifle sling to the carry handle
the gun here to easily find the wires
before i cross them the sling is too
light to trip the mine so by holding it
out in front of me while i walk forward
it will visibly curl around any tripwire
ahead of me and i'll be able to avoid
them
i would also look for any signs that the
terrorists might have used to mark their
own traps like piles of rocks or sticks
in the ground
the vietcong often did this so they
wouldn't trip it themselves
footpaths trails and openings in the
forest are places that are most likely
to have traps and i would avoid these at
all costs
the other squad hears them screaming
over the comb line and this kid rushes
to save his friend but this girl shiori
holds them up at gunpoint
helping their friend is a lost cause and
she will let them risk their lives to
help
now i like this girl's thinking she's
reacting to the situation with laser
sharp focus on achieving the primary
goal
and that's killing the terrorists to win
the game going back to help someone is
way too risky and when people are too
panicked to think clearly
threatening to kill them is the most
efficient way possible to stop them from
making a terrible mistake
there are still 24 students remaining
and every living body is a resource that
we need in order to find and kill the
terrorists
so knowing when to cut your losses to
keep others alive is extremely good
decision making
back with the second squad this kid's
body falls in a trip mine
setting off a chain reaction of more
explosions this
is not going well for them and at this
rate everyone will be dead
before lunch time their third
operational mission is to storm the
castle and kill the leader of the
terrorists
and this one isn't going to be easy the
first squad has made it further into the
island
fighting a massive fortress that
terrorists constructed from scratch
it's really impressive but there's a
silver lining here this place isn't made
out of brick
stone or cement they've built this place
out of sticks and thin sheet metal and
it's no match for our firepower as long
as we advance our position with a clever
strategy to gain the advantage
okay the fortress has been set up on a
steep hill and it gives them a huge
advantage so attacking it from the front
is going to get us killed
unfortunately it's also necessary
because we will need a convincing
distraction so that the others can go
around to the sides
and flank their fortress the grenade
launchers are the best bet at blowing a
hole through their walls but they'll
have to get close enough to do it
i would have them flank the sides while
the rest stay back and shoot from cover
in order to draw their fire
the grenades will draw the terrorist's
attention away and the gunman can event
safely from the front
and storm the castle together the
students break through the stronghold
walls and
enter the fortress where they see this
little girl and chase after her but
suddenly explosions go off under the
water catching them all off guard
the lights turn on and dozens of guns
are pointed at them
one of the terrorists tries to reason
with them but someone shoots him and the
two groups are blasting each other
by the end six more students are dead
and their partners callers
activate okay this decision was
completely self-destructive
this terrorist kid wanted to negotiate
and personally i would have done it in a
heartbeat
we have zero chance of getting out of
this situation alive because they have
the high ground we're totally surrounded
and we have no cover
if we surrender they'll take our weapons
but they'll also move us somewhere else
while we're held captive
changing environments to one that gives
us better options to kill or escape
is the only strategy we have this girl
cleverly sneaks away and manages to grab
the young girl hostage
they back down and wheel out this device
to generate an electromagnetic pulse
that shuts down the collars
saving their lives back at base camp the
battle royale administrators are
freaking out as they all see the callers
have gone offline and they know what it
means
the terrorists have caught them and they
send special forces to finish the job
it's the second day all of the surviving
students have been disarmed and finally
get to meet the terrorist leader shuya
in the flesh
one of the students gets dragged over
and this woman starts filing down her
caller to remove it
they really have this game figured out
the leader questions if killing him will
really solve anything the battle royale
will be over if they do but there's no
way they can move on after what they've
gone through
okay this guy is right we'll be
experiencing some pretty serious ptsd as
a result of all this but if playing the
game means staying alive and regaining
my freedom
i'm taking that deal ptsd or not now at
the moment we're in a good situation
because we might get some sympathy here
these terrorists are actually just kids
from other death games that escape the
government and refuse to back down
so they have a vested interest in
keeping us alive because they will need
more soldiers to join their cause as
tempting as it is to save
the system and join them these guys are
living in squalor in basically a
castle-sized shack
they're off the grid with limited
supplies weapons and ammo and will
probably be on the run for the rest of
their lives
i'm really not interested in wasting my
life playing apocalypse now so if i have
to kill them to get back to my nice cozy
bed and forget this ever happened i'm
still going to look for the opportunity
to win the game
meanwhile the soldiers have already made
it onto the island and have entered the
lower levels of their fortress
a rebel spots them and escapes in time
to warn all the students
the leader is ambushed but takes out the
enemy's soldiers with ease
taking her opportunity this girl aims a
gun at the leader but hesitates
she doesn't pull the trigger giving
shuya here enough time to grab her gun
and call her an idiot for not firing and
he's absolutely right
she's thrown away a perfect opportunity
to win the game for
everyone down below takuhir flips out
and starts fighting side by side with
the rebels causing the soldiers to
report back
that the students have officially joined
the terrorists the rebels managed to
kill all the soldiers in the shootout as
taco here takes the liberty of finishing
the last one off
okay tako here just screwed us all over
killing the leader here was our best
ticket out of this place and after the
shootout there's no way the government
will let us keep playing the game like
nothing ever happened but there's still
another way we could get out of this
without having to choose sides
i would search the coast to find where
the soldiers have docked their boats if
they're not heavily guarded we can
hijack one and take them back to the
mainland
these look like the zodiac f470 rubber
reader used by the u.s navy seals which
have 18 gallon fuel bladders
there should be enough gas in them to
get back to the mainland since the
special forces would be expected to
return back to base once they've
completed the mission but navigating our
way back will still be difficult if we
have no skills and wayfinding
celestial navigation is a technique
sailors have used to navigate the seas
where they memorize the position of
constellations in the sky
but the points of reference depend on
which hemisphere you're in japan is
right at the bottom of the northern
hemisphere so the north star polaris is
the best reference point to find as it's
the brightest star in the little dipper
constellation which is roughly 36
degrees above the horizon for japan and
will practically never move throughout
the year
to travel south you'll want to use
orion's belt and his sword as a
reference point which you can locate
based on three bright stars arranged in
a row
forming a line from the sword down into
the horizon you can usually rely on this
to make your way south
it's day three and all the students have
been freed from their explosive callers
they might not be playing the game
anymore but they're still not free from
this hellish situation
realizing he needs global support to
defeat the government shuya here makes
an international broadcast calling on
the youth of the world to rebel against
all the adults but that's when a missile
strikes the freedom fighter's
headquarters
everyone is sent scrambly for cover
killing more students in the attack
the battle royale administrators find
out from the prime minister that the
missile was launched from the united
states who have warned japan that
they'll be attacked again in 12 hours if
the situation isn't resolved
they're done playing games and the prime
minister commands every single soldier
of japan to go to the island and
slaughter everyone still alive
later that night the survivors regroup
and shuya here reveals his plan for the
students to escape through a mine shaft
that might lead all the way back to the
mainland
while the others stay behind to fight
the soldiers as a diversion but he
thinks it's their only chance to get
anyone out of here alive
okay this is lazy thinking and poor
leadership he's right to be willing to
sacrifice some of his soldiers if it
means most of them can escape but
there's also another way to do this that
will cost him less men
we could try setting up a drip rifle
which was a tactic used by the anzacs
during the evacuation from gallipoli
using a string in cans of water
rifles can be set up on a time delay
automating the firing of their guns
which gives the appearance of a larger
army unit behind them
one or two soldiers would have to stay
behind to keep feeding ammo into all the
guns
but that's better than sacrificing the
whole rebel army like he's proposing
the next morning everyone is getting
ready to make their last stand all the
students women and children head to the
mine shaft to escape
except for shiori here who stays behind
outside scores of soldiers approach the
stronghold the rebels put up a good
fight but they can't stop them from
advancing
okay this was always going to be a
losing battle they're completely
outnumbered but they could have done a
lot more of their time to prepare for
this
apart from the drip rifles they could
have used these fishing nets as snares
to trap the attackers and lift them into
the air
this would make it extremely easy to
shoot them before they're cut down i'd
also get a little old school here
the vietcong famously made these pungy
pits which were holes in the ground
filled with sharpened sticks to great
effect in the vietnam war
they already have tons of wooden poles
here we can use so i'd remove and
sharpen some of them
and dig holes where we would expect the
soldiers to take cover and hide it with
leaves branches and dirt
tripwire mines can be set up in doorways
as a nasty surprise for anyone running
in
and by strategically barricading certain
entry points we could funnel the
soldiers into key areas to ambush them
now if we were getting a little creative
we could also try using the metal wires
inside of this piano
connect them to the generator in the it
room and run them through water
with a live current running through it
the soldiers will get shocked that they
walk through the water and we can take
more of them out
also these rebels have demonstrated a
lot of experience making improvised
explosive devices
we could gather small scraps of metal to
create shrapnel bombs and plant them
around the fortress
when enough soldiers have approached we
shoot the closest bomb and take them out
if the whole plane is designed to give
the kids time to run away any tactic
they slow down the soldiers is
considered a win here
the students down in the tunnels can
hear the fighting get more intense and
three of them decide to go back and help
they join the fight and shoot down the
attacking soldiers but two of them get
killed
and the rebels have been backed into a
corner this rebel sniper activates a
countdown
and runs to fight off the soldiers there
are too many and she gets killed but she
holds them off long enough for the
others to escape
shuya and the students here managed to
take out the special forces captain but
this death match isn't over yet
the weirdo teacher suddenly appears
dressed in a rugby uniform
he's unhappy with the extreme actions of
the government and his own color starts
to beep
he tells them to get out of here and
flings itself forward just as the entire
stronghold blows up
that countdown the sniper set off was to
blow this whole place to kingdom
come the fighting continues but chiori
here gets fatally wounded and the island
gets blown up by a barrage of incoming
missiles
the battle royale is over but the bodies
of the six remaining students along with
the terrorist leader shuya are still
missing
three months later they all resurfaced
in afghanistan having survived the death
game and lived to fight another day
but what do you think how would you be
battle royale let me know with a comment
down below
thank you so much for watching leave a
like and subscribe and check out the how
to be playlist
for more videos like this until next
time have a damn good day